Update platform-limits.md (#455)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/testing/platform-limits.md

### Power Automate

> When using Office Scripts with Power Automate, each user is limited to **1600 calls to the Run Script action per day**. This limit resets at 12:00 AM UTC.

Reviewer: Actually, the [style guide](https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2700&topicid=33688) says to use commas for large numbers. I'll make the edit.
```suggestion
When using Office Scripts with Power Automate, each user is limited to **1,600 calls to the Run Script action per day**. This limit resets at 12:00 AM UTC.
```
